oh right what is going on gamers you
know who it is my nerdy one and only
minor threat and i'm bringing you guys
black ops wow man it's been a while
since i posted some black ops and i
figured you know what I got this 16 year
old capture the flag I kept her most of
the flags and I you know I go flawless
it was awesome there's a lot of fun I go
16 you know it's not like I please sit
on this game but for you know quick game
good flawless you guys enjoy it
entertaining to watch and hopefully you
guys learned something from it but I'm
going to go ahead and talk about a few
things that are kind of interesting that
that kind of caught my attention that I
think you guys might find it interesting
well first of all we're gonna start with
art let's say our dumb ask people in the
world this was this is what makes the
u.s. so I guess weird sometimes anyways
let's move on okay so this is guys right
these these young teenagers they go and
they rob this house you know because
what else are fucking teenagers going to
do because they're stupid I'm just
kidding but dumb as teenagers your Robin
Robin this guy's house right they rob a
house and you know they still some some
things here and there throughout the
house whatever jewelry this the usual
shit that gets stolen on top of that add
actually still an earned from Louisiana
Mirren is is it actually holds ashes to
a dead body they actually stole a man's
ashes an old man's ashes and his dogs he
had two dogs and they stole those ashes
as well little did they know that these
were ashes these were actually a human
and animals ashes look again be he's
protecting me so I can catch the flag
what a nice guy anyways they stole these
ashes they took him home and they
snorted them what are you serious
these guys these kids these teenagers
these ignorant as little kids that
wanted like be thieves had what they had
come into him they snorted these ashes
and they're the reason for serenity
ashes is they bought it was cocaine or
heroin like let me tell you ashes really
as far as I know ashes are gray not
white ok so I don't know these guys are
a really fucking retarded so I say
thumbs up the dumbass people that you
know helped create this world of our
country that we call the United States
of America wow man I don't know I had to
let you guys know about that I found it
very fucking weird and interesting and
dumbass people or domestic anyways
moving on you know a big thing right now
is Activision's talking about they
mentioned that they're going to shut
down playstation service for black ops
my opinion is that they're not going to
do this let me talk about it it might
sound like a good idea but I highly
doubt that they're going to do it but I
could be wrong Activision is pretty much
the devil and I hate you know Activision
with the passion but what can I say the
big thing is they're saying that the
black ops PSN servers have been cropped
them compromised because people that are
still playing black or still playing
modern warfare 2 all the hackers over
there hacking the servers and stuff like
that are ruining the game and that's you
know so they have no choice but to shut
down the servers and all this other
stuff but I highly doubt it's going to
happen i'm kind of curious what you guys
think about it i think that's it's I
don't know it's really it's kind of 5050
honestly they could do it if they felt
like because you know it's they can do
whatever the fuck they want and because
Bobby Kotick is the devil and or you
know they they can just leave it up and
you know they can actually deal with the
modern warfare 2 you
shut the shirt servers down for that or
you know instead of black off because at
this point more people play black ops
and it's more it's a smarter business
choice to shut down one work or two
servants instead of black ops because
black ops is still going to bring map
packs it's still a lot of money for
Bobby Kotick and Activision to be you
know be making and stuff like that so I
don't know speaking of PlayStation stuff
actually for those you guys don't know
psp2 is actually coming out here pretty
soon I think within the next few weeks I
think sometimes in February honestly and
then actually there's some there's a PSP
phone I mean rps people a playstation
phone in the works for these don't know
I've already seen it kind of looks like
it kind of looks like a PSP pretty much
but it's a phone and it's nice and he's
gonna be running Android and stuff like
that so you guys you know I don't know
what do you guys think about the you
guys think that'll be cool interesting
you know cuz a lot of people especially
nowadays these phones are becoming you
know small gaming system for people and
it's just like I don't know I really
don't know what to say that I think you
could be cool i think it could you know
go either way places without some you
know good stuff supposedly the well i
forgot is the phone or the the PSP two
are supposed to be able to play they're
going to be equivalent to you know i
think it was a PSP two is going to be
equivalent to playstation 3 graphics and
all that other stuff which I don't find
highly unlikely actually because if you
think about it the first PSP was
equivalent to the PlayStation 2 as far
as graphics and power was concerned so
with the amount of technology that we
have nowadays we have new dual-core
processors come into phones here this
this year stuff like that I think it's
very likely and possible especially with
now the integrated graphics and a lot of
these processors
for the you guys don't know I'm real big
as far as electronics and technology and
stuff like that I guess you'd call me
geek in that aspect but I know a lot of
this stuff and that's just my thing so i
don't know i don't i really don't know
what to think about it i'm kind of
curious about what you guys input is so
yeah that's going to be the end of the
game guys hope you guys enjoyed quick
refresh we talked about kids snorting
asses because they thought it was
cocaine or heroin talk about Activision
setting down that is right shedding down
completely black ops PSN servers and we
got psp's tues coming cute PlayStation
phones on the way life is crazy
technology is great you guys enjoy the
video i hope you guys did peace 11
buttsex this is the one only minor I'm
out